---
title: 2016 Resolutions
date: "2016-01-08"
template: "post"
draft: false
slug: "/2016/01/08/2016-resolutions/"
category: "Personal"
tags:
  - "Year In Review"
description: "It's the start of a new year which means time for new resolutions! I've read sharing your resolutions with the world makes you more likely to keep them so without further ado here are my 2016 resolutions."
---
It's the start of a new year which means time for new resolutions! I've read sharing your resolutions with the world makes you more likely to keep them so without further ado here are my 2016 resolutions:

* Rock Climbing: Consistently climb 5.12a on top rope and mid 11's on lead.
* Track Health Statistics: With the addition of a fitbit to my technology collection I've started tracking daily steps, sleeping habits, heart rate, and food eaten. I'd like to consistently track these items so I can look back at the end of the year and see if I can find any interesting trends.
* Open Source Projects: Contribute to some open source projects across multiple languages.
* Finances: I'm pretty loose with finances and I would like to track where my money goes.
* Finish 1 Personal Project: Ask anyone who knows me and they'll tell you I have serious problems finishing a project. I'll be super excited and put a ton of time into a project only to finish the difficult or interesting problem and become bored with the tedious implementation details.
* Read 1 book per month: Over the last four years the number of books I've read every year has been trending downward and I'd like to change that.

An overarching theme seems to be tracking the different statistics in my life: routes climbed, food eaten, books read, etc. At the end of 2016 I'd like to compile all of these statistics into an infographic or at least a blog entry.